# hello-world

Never in my right mind did I think I would ever get into coding. Not even a couple weeks ago I was too intimidated to even try it. Little did I know that coding is something i would end up loving. Seeing something come to life before you just from typing in a few lines of code was really exciting to me! It's like a puzzle to me and lets me be creative while testing my mind. 

I attended college for a few years after college but didn't have enough passion for what I was studying. I was majoring in Biology but had no idea what I could do with that. After losing my drive and feeling lost, I dropped out and moved back home. My family is full of entreprenuers so I floated around with my Dad, brothers and cousins in their companies trying to find something I wanted to do. Eventually I just decided to get a job doing something that was in demand and would support me. So I went and got my CDL and started driving a truck. I am really good at what I do but I wouldn't call it my passion. I work for an excavation company and move heavy equipment from site to site as our jobs progress. It is a very challenging job and I get some satisfaction from it but I have this drive inside of me that O can do so much more. 

I have always hated the idea of going back to college. Not that I think I wouldn't do well. I just think that at this point in my life it would be a waste of time. Something I've learned from my family and my current job is that the best way I learn is by getting my hands dirty and doing it myself. I think that's one of the problems I had with college. I hated reading and getting lectured about how things are done. I wanted to be the one doing them and learning hands on. When I stumbled on some articles about being a sfotware developer and web developer I was intrigued. I thought that this was something I could really practice on my own! After doing some research I realized there are lots of people out there that have made their own path to becoming a front-end, back-end developer, or even a full-stack developer! Ever since then I have spent my free time getting more information and trying to figure out how I can make this a reality. 

My goal is to become a full-stack developer after I have spent countless hours training and honing my coding skills. I love the challenges and rewards that I have experienced and can really see myself doing this as a career. Hopefully after a few months of really pushing myself this will become a reality!

Derek
